feat: respect `iox::column_type::field` metadata when mapping query results into values (#114)
InfluxCommunity/influxdb3-go: README.md

### Query

Use SQL or InfluxQL to query an InfluxDB v3 database or Cloud Serverless bucket to retrieve data.

> The data can be returned in several formats: structured `PointValues` object, key-value pairs, or Arrow Columnar Format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client can return query results in the following formats: structured `PointValues` object, key-value pairs, or Arrow Columnar Format.
```
